Added instructions for using GL tokens and Metal tokens (#29)
HewlettPackard/hpegl-metal-terraform-resources: README.md

Note: For debugging the provider please refer to the
[debugging guide](https://medium.com/@gandharva666/debugging-terraform-using-jetbrains-goland-f9a7e992cb1d)

## Using GreenLake tokens

If you are using GreenLake tokens, the required information is to be provided in a `.gltform` file. This file can be written in home or in the directory from which terraform is run.  

The file contents:
 
```yaml
space_name: <...>
rest_url: http://localhost:3002
project_id: 65c82181-fefc-4ea7-870e-628225fe7664
access_token: <...>
```

The first field `space_name` is optional, and is only required if the terraform provider is going to be used to create

> projects.  

Reviewer: Add note about where to get the access_token.  Something like -
""
```suggestion
projects.   Access tokens may be obtained from the GL Console, under "**API Access**" page.
```

## Using Metal tokens

The terraform provider is also capable of using Metal tokens. The provider reads the required details- Bearer Token, URL, and membership from the file  _**~/.qjwt**_.

The file contents:

```yaml
rest_url: http://172.25.0.2:3002

> user: h1@hpe.com

Reviewer: I'm not too worried about having TF give better error message at this time.  I just don't want to use "h1" as the example.  If we change the user to, say, "user: project1@hpe.com", that'd be better.

 
```yaml
space_name: <...>
rest_url: http://localhost:3002
project_id: 65c82181-fefc-4ea7-870e-628225fe7664
access_token: <...>
```

`space_name` is optional, and is only required if the terraform provider is going to be used to create projects.  
Access token may be obtained by logging into HPE GreenLake Central and then clicking **API Access** on the User menu. 

## Using Metal tokens

The terraform provider is also capable of using Metal tokens. The provider reads the required details - Bearer Token, URL, and membership from the file `~/.qjwt`.
The easiest way to create `~/.qjwt` is by using `qctl` CLI tool. Log into the GL Metal Operator portal using `qctl`. Note that you must login as a Project member in order to run TF.

The file contents:

```yaml
rest_url: http://172.25.0.2:3002
user: projectuser1@hpe.com
jwt: eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IlJFTk.dlfkjsj.dfsdf
member_id: 835590C1-AFF7-438B-BBBD-D6184157CB41
```

To make the provider use Metal tokens - i.e. use the information in the .qjwt file - the `gl_token` field must be set
to `false` in the provider definition stanza:

```hcl
provider "hpegl" {
  metal {
     gl_token = false
  }
}
```

> `gl_token` fieldcan also be set or overridden through the `HPEGL_METAL_GL_TOKEN` env-var.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gl_token` field can also be set or overridden through the `HPEGL_METAL_GL_TOKEN` env-var.
```
